Source: "The International Jewish Cook Book" by Florence Kreisler Greenbaum (1919).
Project Gutenberg eBook #12350 -- https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/12350
Release date: 2004-05-01. Most recently updated: 2024-10-28.

PUBLIC DOMAIN. This work is in the public domain in the United States (published 1919,
copyright expired) and is distributed by Project Gutenberg with no restrictions whatsoever
within the United States. Reproduced here verbatim as an import-parser test corpus.

Slice: lines 11896-11960 and 12024-12045 of the source file, copied verbatim. The ONLY change is
line endings: the Gutenberg source is CRLF and this copy is LF, so the committed fixture does not
carry mixed endings for git or prettier to rewrite underneath the test. The reader normalizes
endings again at runtime, so a checkout with core.autocrlf=true still matches.
The provenance block above is NOT part of the corpus; the loader takes everything after
the marker line below.

--- CORPUS BEGINS ---

SPICE CAKE

This spice cake is economical, easy to make and delicious, three
qualities which must appeal to the housewife.

Cream one cup of brown sugar and one-half cup of butter (or a little
less of any butter substitute). Add one-half teaspoon of ground cloves
and ground cinnamon, one cup of sour milk; one teaspoon of baking-soda,
two cups of flour and one cup of raisins chopped. Have ready a warm oven
and bake three-quarters of an hour.


GREEN TREE LAYER CAKE AND ICING

One cup of granulated sugar, one-half cup of butter, three eggs, one cup
of milk, two and one-half scant cups of sifted flour, one teaspoon of
vanilla extract, two teaspoons of baking-powder. Cream the butter and
sugar together as usual, and then break in three eggs and beat until
very creamy. Add the flour and milk alternately, reserving a little of
the flour to add after the vanilla and baking-powder. Beat well and bake
in layer cake tins. The entire success and lightness of this cake
depends upon the beating of the sugar, butter and eggs. If these are
beaten long enough they will become as creamy and fluffy as whipped
cream.

*Icing for This Cake.*--One and one-half cups of confectioner's sugar
(not powdered), butter the size of a large egg, two tablespoons of
cocoa, one teaspoon of vanilla, moisten to make the mixture the
consistence of very thick cream. Cream or whipped cream may be used for
the mixing, but many like this icing when made with lukewarm coffee. The
sugar and butter are creamed together thoroughly and then the cocoa and
vanilla are added, and lastly the cream or coffee. This is a good
imitation of German tree cake. The icing on tree cake is an inch thick,
and it is marked to represent the bark of a tree. The way it is served
is with a little green candy on it, and it is really very delicious
although extremely rich. The thicker or rather firmer this icing is, the
better.


EGGLESS, BUTTERLESS, MILKLESS CAKE

One package of seeded raisins, two cups of sugar, two cups of boiling
water, one teaspoon of cinnamon, one teaspoon of cloves, two tablespoons
of Crisco, chicken schmalz or clarified drippings, one-half teaspoon of
salt. Boil all together five minutes, cool, add one teaspoon of soda
dissolved in water, three cups of flour. Bake forty-five minutes, make
two cakes in layer pans.


APPLE JELLY CAKE

Rub one cup of butter and two cups of sugar to a cream, add four eggs,
whites beaten separately, one cup of milk, two teaspoons of
baking-powder and three and one-half cups of flour. Bake in layer tins.

*Filling.*--Pare and grate three large apples ("Greenings" preferred),
the juice and peel of a lemon, one cup of sugar and one well-beaten egg.
Put in ingredients together and boil, stirring constantly until thick.
Cool and fill in cake.


CREAM LAYER CAKE

Rub one cup of butter and two scant cups of sugar to a cream; the yolks

straw, if it comes out clean, your cake is baked. This will keep fresh
for a long while.


CREAM PUFFS

One cup of hot water, one-half cup of butter; boil together, and while
boiling stir in one cup of sifted flour dry; take from the stove and
stir to a thin paste, and after this cools add three eggs unbeaten, and
stir vigorously for five minutes. Drop in tablespoonfuls on a buttered
tin and bake in a quick oven twenty-five minutes, opening the oven door
no oftener than is absolutely necessary, and being careful that they do
not touch each other in the pan. This amount will make twelve puffs.
Cream for puffs: one cup of milk, one cup of sugar, one egg, three
tablespoons of flour, vanilla to flavor. Stir the flour in a little of
the milk; boil the rest, turn this in and stir until the whole thickens.
When both this and the puffs are cool open the puff a little way with a
sharp knife and fill them with the cream.


CHOCOLATE ECLAIRS

